
Arthur C. Rake, make no mistake, was a very serious man. 
He made his own beer, voted every year, and always had a plan.
Just so, on this grey and muggy day, C. Rake was making his way,
Along the North road and down to the dump, to get a small thing without pay.

As for him the thing that he sought, could also easily be bought
But Rake knew that most folk threw out good things, and for Rake this meant transport.

"A carriage that makes sense for me! Perhaps two wheels or three! 
A bicycle's last stop should not be here with the slop, and I know I can find one for free!"
He finally reached the tip, and started  to wander the strip,
He'd made up his mind, and set out in kind, to find some fine quality 'ship.

As he wandered the hills of trash, his eyes peering over the stash, 
He couldn't but think that in spite of the stink that almost all of the things here were sure cache.

"An old 'fridgerator! a gorgeous glossy of Slayer, in the right hands would surely be treasure,
Yet here in this pile, they just waste their while, instead of creating fresh pleasure."

And sure enough at the end of the row, where C. Rake was headed to go- 
He found a poor bike which was covered in tripe, but also in floss and mango.
Rake cleaned it and polished it's seat, and with a kick he returned to the street,
Happy was he and pedalled quite free, but alas, had a thought on repeat-

"If only I'd find homes for this garbage, instead of being lost here for forage-
I'd clean up North Road, and this landfill would go, leaving only fresh streams and some cabbage."
Rake's thoughts having gained some new traction, he turned in a call to action, 
and several online weeks later, recycle hashtags were greater, and new follows were turned into his faction.

Don't throw it away, Just sign up for #freeday! You'll surely find all that you wish!
Bring all your good garbage right up to my house, and together we'll celebrate like fish!

And amazingly, it worked out just so.And in the following months Rake's idea of cargo,
a weekly event where the trash came and went, left nothing at his place but warm glow. 
Even oily gross plastic and tissues, were keenly sought after without issues, 
as folks in his state had developed the taste
for recycling the worst into re-uses.

So successful was he, that he bought property, and in time the town had no need for a tip,
Why have it? Said they, in a so accomplished way, since #freeday was making it fit!
We can have growing streams, and long lines of greens,
in place of the landfill to sit!

And so it became, #freeday was the fame, and after one such successful event,
Rake noticed a pile, at the end of his fence
which had -not- so surreptitiously went. 
He cautiously approached the package, that was half covered over with foliage
and opened it up, -as his throat held a lump-

and beheld the content that was sacrilege.

Rake couldn't believe what he saw,
this thing in the bag was hardly a thing at all.

Crows feet, feather trunks, Spiraly warping and twist, Cockled eyes with a strawberry kiss,
His mind and his eyes couldn't tell what it was, 
Not alive, not quite dead but in midst. 

It moved and not moved with superb undulation, that as when poor Rake sought it relocation, 
he couldn't define this weird blotting of time, but his hands never found a sure station.
Closing the bag in a hurry, Rake's shadow was sure seen to scurry
Into his house, and like a scared little mouse, he tried to outfigure the mutation.

"What the hell!" Rake yelled, as he slammed the cellar, "Fuck knows what a monster is this?!"
"Ungodly time torsion and ravenous mess, there's no way that I can reuse this!
I guess my only hope, and the one within my scope, is to put it out on #freeday and dismiss!"


So weekly Rake tried, with the unidentified, leaving it out amongst the #freeday skips,
But every week came, and Rake so ashamed, found the bundle leftover from trips.

Down in the dumps, his pride turned to frumps, Rake could no longer bear the pressure,
and on the sixth week decided, even though he derided, he'd bury the bundle like treasure.
Rake dug a hole deep in the yard, he threw down the ambigious shard, 
and covered it up, seeding grass over top, and hoped he wasn't altogether scarred.

Knew that his fame rested on it, Rake couldn't let people recon it, 
so long months went by, he was able to sigh, and so finally Rake just plain forgot it.
But one summer's day, On a #freeday's usual way...

One more such strange bag was resubmit.

Who knows how many bags Rake has buried
Or if any he carried,
This story could be quite tall, but what's surely not small,
is that Rake's property height, once so flat and so slight, 
has seemingly risen and, "varied".
